I'm not gonna allow push notifications
here
of course we should kind of expect the
same performance as you do get on the
performance could I should be moving a
little bit better on the iPhone 5 when
I'm thinking about it now of course the
iPhone 5 did handle this very good but
you never know you know no but this is
the first things a four-bit home but
everything is of course about if the
games are optimized for this new iPhone
you didn't really have a problem on the
iPhone 5 and stepping up seems to be
having definitely I don't seem to
problem here what Apple's latest iOS
device
and of course it is always the first
race that you get jumped into
may not be everyone's favorite and I
were kind of like waiting for the next
next kind of like cool racing game like
this from yay
like Need for Speed rivals or something
I'm sure if that's gonna come to mobile
phones but it can't should I think
you see it's pretty funny to drift
around it will be kind of fun also to
crash I think if you come to that in
this game seems so that's the time try
to be it you probably can and then you
collect stuff here get my mind my stones
and stuff they'd say Muslims I think
yeah
so I'm check out some other games also
and on the iPhone 5s so hopefully you
enjoyed that as well yeah peace off